	This lease made the [27.01.1958] 27th day of January 1958 between Davis Contractors 
Limited whose registered office is situated at 352 Kilburn High Road 
in the county of London (hereinafter called "the lessor" which 
expression shall where the context so permits include the persons 
for the time being entitled to the reversion immediately expectant 
on the determination of the term hereby created) of the first part
RAYMOND LAKE of 88 Long Lane Ickenham in the county of Middlesex
(hereinafter called "the Lessee" which expression shall where the context so permits include the persons deriving title under the
Lessee) of the second part and FLATS AND ESTATES MANAGEMENT LIMITED
whose registered office is situated at 157 Vitoria Street in the
City of Westminster SW1 (hereinafter called "the Company") of
the third part

	NOW THIS LEASE made in consideration of the sum
of [£2550.00] TWO THOUSAND FIVE HUNDERED AND FIFTY POUNTDS paid by the Lessee to
the Lessor (the receipt whereof the Lessor hereby achnowledges) and 
of the yearly rent and covenants on the part of the Lessee hereinafter
reserved and contained WITNESSETH as follows:-

1. The Lessor HEREBY DEMISES unto the Lessee ALL THAT Flat and landing described in Part I of the Schedule hereto (hereinafter
together called "the Flat") TOGETHER with the rights privileges and
appurtenances set out in Part II of the Schedule hereto EXCEPT AND 
RESERVING to the Lessor the rights set out in Part III of the schedule 
hereto

	TO HOLD the same unto the Lessee from the [25.03.1957] twenty fifth day of
March One thousand nine hundred and fifty seven for the term of
NINETY NINE YEARS

	YIELDING AND PAYING therefor during the said term the yearly
rent of TEN POUNDS payable by four equal instalments in advance on
the usual quarter days in each and every year free of any deduction
whatsoever except the Landlords Property Tax The first such payment
or a proportionate part thereof to be made on the execution hereof

2. 	THE LESSEE HEREBY COVENANTS with the Lessor as follows:-

(1) To pay the rent hereby reserved at the time and in manner
aforesaid without any deduction except as aforesaid.

(2) To pay and discharge all rates taxes duties assessments charges
and outgoings whatsoever whether Parliamentary parochial or of any 
other description which now are or during the term hereby granted
shall be imposed or charged on the Flat or any part thereof or the
Lessor or the Lessee or the owner of occupier in respect thereof
(the Landlords Property Tax only excepted)

(3) From time to time and at all times during the said term well 
an substantially to repair uphold support clean maintain drain and 
keep the Flat an also the staircase leading to the landing thereof) 
and all additions which may at any time during the said term to be made 
to the flat and the fixtures therein AND jointly with the lessee or 
lessees for the time being of other flats entitled to use the same 
to repair maintain and keep the party walls hatched black on the 
plan annexed hereto 

(4) in the year [1960] One thousand nine hundred and sixty and thereafter
once in every 3rd year and in the last year of the said term 
whenever an however determined to paint in a colour to be approved 
by the Lessor's surveyor for the time being all the outside wood and 
ironwork of the Flat and all editions thereto which two coats at 
least of good oil and white lead paint in a proper an workmanlike 
manner.

(5) Once in every 7th year and in the last year of the said
term whenever and however determined to paint all the interior of 
the Flat (and also the side staircase) an all additions thereto 
usual or proper to be painted with two coats of at least off good oil an 
white lead paint in a proper and workmanlike manner and also at such 
times as last aforesaid to white wash colour and paper such portion 
or the interior of the Flat as are usually so treated.

(6) Provided always and it is hereby declared that the liability
of the Lessee under the covenants contained in subclauses (3)(4) and 
(5) hereof shall so far as relates to the landing coloured yellow
and edged red on the plan and the taircase leading thereto be a 
liability jointly with the Lessee for the time being of the adjoining
Flat Number 12 in the Building and shall so far as relates as 
aforesaid be envorceable as if such covenants had been entered into
by the Lessee jointly with such other Lessee.

(7) To yield up the Flat at the expiry or sooner determination of
the said term in such state of repair decoration and condition as
accords with the covenants hereinbefore contained together with all
additions and improvements made thereto in the meantime and all
fixtures of every kind in or upon the Flat or which during the said
term may be affixed or fastened to or upon the same (except tenants
fixtures)

(8) to permit the Lessor an its surveyor or agent with or without 
workmen or others at all reasonable times during the said term to 
enter into and upon the Flat or any part thereof (other than the 
staircase) to view the condition thereof an also effectually and 
substantially to make good and restore all defects and wants of 
Reparation which shall be discovered on any such examination and of 
which notice inwriting shall be given by the Lessor to the Lessee 
within one calendar month after the giving of such notice.
 

(9) To permit the Lessor if the Lessee shall make default in any of 
the covenants hereinbefore contained for or relating to the repair of 
the Flat or of said staircase (but without prejudice to the right of re-entry
hereinafter contained) to enter upoen the Flat and staircase and repair
the same at the expense of the Lessee in accordance with the covenants
and provisions of these presents and the expenses of such repairs or 
in the case of repairs for which the Lessee is liable jointly with 
another or others the appropriate proportion of such expenses to be
determined by the Lessor's surveyor shell be paid by the Lessee to 
the Lesser on demand

(10)  To permit the Lessor and the tenants of the adjoining flats 
numbers 8, 9, and 12 and their respective agents or workmen at any time
or times during the said term but only (save in case of urgency) at 
reasonable hours and upon giving reasonable notice to enter upon the 
Flat so far as may be necessary for executing repairs or alterations 
of or upon such adjoining premises or for constructing laying down 
altering repairing cleansing emptying or maintaining any sewers 
water courses cesspools gutters drains water pipes electric wires or gas 
pipes in connection with or for the accommodation of the set adjoining 
flats causing as little damage or disturbance as maybe to the Flat 
and restoring the same an the surface of the soil and everything 
erected thereon to its former condition without any unreasonable delay
but without making any compensation for any temporary damage or 
inconvenience.

(11) Not to do or suffer anything which will or may make void or
voidable any policy for the insurance against fire of the flat or of
any adjoining flat or which causes an increased premiumto be payable 
for such insurance.

(12) Not to assign charge or underlet or part with possession of part 
only of the Flat or permit or suffer any person to assign charge 
underlet or part with possession of part only of the Flat.

(13) Not to assign or transfer the demised premises except to an 
assignee who shall contemporaneously with such assignment or transfer
enter into covenants with the Lesser and the company in a form to be 
approved by the solicitors for the time being of the Lessor to observe
and perform the covenants contained in Clause 3 hereof and within
[21 days] twenty one days after the date of any assignment underlease or other 
devolution of the demised premises at his own cost to deliver to the 
Lessor's solicitors for the time being an abstract from such 
assignment underlease or other document containing the date thereof 
the names and descriptions of the parties thereto and specifying the 
party or parties in whom the or any legal estate is thereby vested 
and will at any time pay to such solicitors a fee of 1 guinea [£1.05, 1 pound and one shilling] in 
respect of every such dealing.

(14) To use and occupy the Flat as a private dwelling house in one
single or family occupation only and not for any other propose.

(15) Not to do or omit or permit to be done or omitted anything in
the Flat the doing or omission of which shall be a contravention of
the Town & Country Planning Act 1947 and to indemnify the Lessor
against all actions proceedings damages penalties costs charges claims 
and demands in respect of such acts or omissions.

(16) Not to cut maim or injure any of the principle timbers roofs or 
walls of the Flat nor erect or suffer to be erected any new buildings
thereon or make any structural alteration or addition to the Flat.

(17) Not to erect upon any part of the Flat any building whether 
temporary or permanent other than the Flat hereby demised and not 
without the previous licence in writing of the Lessor or its surveyor
for the time being to make any alteration in the plan or elevation 
of the said Flat or in any of the party walls or in any of the
principal or beating walls floors or timbers.

(18) At all times during the term hereby granted to insure and keep
insured the demised premises under a householders comprehensive policy
for private dwelling (all items with no exclusions) to be issued 
in the joint names of the Lessor and the Lessee by the Sun Insurance
Office of 307 Finchley Road in the County of London or such other
insurance office in the United Kingdom as may from time to time be
nominated by the Lossor in the sum of [£2550] Two Thousand Five hundered and
fifty pounds or such other sum as the Lessor shall from time to time
declare to be equal to the full value thereof (including professional
fees incurred in reinstatement) and to pay all premiums necessary
for that purpose within [7 days] seven days after the same shall become due
and whenever required to produce to the Lessor the policy of such
insurance and in case of any damage or destruction to the demised
premises forthwith to lay out the insurance money in rebuilding or
making good the damage sustained in accordance with any statutory or
local enactments for the time being in force and to make up any
deficiency out of his own money PROVIDED ALWAYS that if the demised
premises shall not be kept insured as a foresaid the Lessor may insure
the same and pay the premiums and the amounts thereof shall be repaid
by the Lessee forthwith and until payment thereof shall be recoverable
by distress as for rent in arrear.

(19) To pay all charges for gas and electricity suypplied to the Flat
as shown by separate meters affixed therein and the charges for such
meters and to indemnify the Lessor in respect thereof.

(20) to observe and perform the regulations set out in Part 4 of the
Schedule hereto and such other reasonable regulations which the Lessor
may from time to time make for the proper management as a high-class
residential building of the building of which the Flat forms part.

(21) To play to pay to the Lessor all expenses (including solicitors costs
and Surveyors' fees) incurred by the lessor incidental to the 
preparation and service of a notice under Section 146 of the law of 
Property Act 1925 notwithstanding that forfeiture is avoided otherwise
than by relief granted by the Court.


3. THE LESSEE HEREBY COVENANTS with the Lessor and as a seperate
cevenant with the Company to pay to there Company in each year a sum
equal to one twelfth of the aggregate of FIRST all expenditure
reasonably and properly incurred by the Company during the previous
clendar year in performing the covenants on the part of the Company
set forth in the succeeding clause hereof and in insuring in the joint
names of the Lessor and the Company against Third Party claims made
against them or either of them in respect of the lawns gardens
footpaths and carriageway and SECOND an amount equal to Ten per centum
of such expenditure such amount being payable to the Company as a
management fee such sum to be paid to the Company within one month
after a demand in writing therefor has been left at or sent by post
to the Flat addressed to "the Lessee" thereof.


4. THE COMPANY HEREBY COVENANTS with the Lessee that the Leassee duly
paying to the Company the moneys payable under the last foregoing
clause hereof the Company at all times during the term hereby granted
will maintain and keep in good order repair and condition as a lawn
or garden the land coloured green on the Estate plan and will repair
maintain and clean the footpaths and the carriageway coloured yellow
on the plan.

5. THE LESSOR HEREBY COVENANTS with the Lessee as follows: 

	(1) The the Lessee paying the said yearly rent hereby reserved
and observing and performing the covenants and conditions on the part
of the Lessee herein contained shall and may peaceably and quietly
possess and enjoy the demised premises during the term hereby granted
without any lewful interruption or disturbance by the Lessor or any
person claiming under the Lessor.

	(2) That the Lessor will not during the term hereby granted grant
any lease or tenancy of the premises immediately below the Flat and
known as Flat No 9 save upon terms that the lessee or tenant thereof
covenants for the repair of the said Flat No 9 (including everything
below the level of the underside of the concrete floor which forms
the floor of the flat hereby demised in the like terms as are set out
in Clause 2 (3) hereof and to insure the said Flat No 9, in the like
terms as are set out in Clause 2 (18) hereof PROVIDED ALWAYS AND IT IS
HEREBY AGREED that in the event of the assignment by the Lessor of the
reversion immediately expectant upon the determination of the term
hereby granted the Lessor shall on and from the date of such assignment
cease to be liable in respect of any breach or breaches of this covenant
which may occur after the date of such assignment.

	(3) That the Lessee duly paying the monies payable under Clause 3 
hereof the Lessor will permit the Company its servants and agents to
purpose of performing the covenant on the part of the Company contained
in Clause 4 hereof.


6. PROVIDED ALWAYS that if the said yearly rent hereby reserved or 
any part thereof shall at any time be unpaid for [21 days] twenty one days after
the same shall have become due wheather the same shall have been
legally demanded or not or in case of the breach non-performance or
non-observence of any of the covenants on the part of the Lessee
herein contained then and in any such case it shall be lawful for the
LEssor or any person authorised by it to enter into and upon the
demised premises or any part thereof in the name of the whole and to
repossess the same as of its former estate and thereupon the term
hereby created shall absolutely determine but without prejudice to
any right of action or remedy of the Lessor in respect of any breach
of any of the covenants by the Lessee hereinbefore contained.


7. IT IS HEREBY AGREED that any notice hereby required or authorised
to be given tot he Lessor or the Lessee shall be in writing and may
be given in manner provided by Section 196 of the Law of Property
Act 1925 with respect to notices to be given to a lessor or lessee
under that Act.


8. IT IS HEREBY AGREED that in this lease references to any Act or 
Acts of Parliament shall be construed as including referances to any
statutory modification or re-enectment thereof for the time being in force.


9. THE marginal notes shall be deeemed not to form part of these
presents and shall not be taken into account in the construction or
interpretation of any covenant condition or proviso herein contained.

10. IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED that the transaction hereby effected
does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of
transactions in respect of which the amount or value or the aggregate
amount or value of the consideration other then the rent exceeds
[£3500.00] Three thousand five hundred pounds.

	IN WITHNESS whereof the Lessor and the Company have
hereunto affixed their Common seals and the Lessee has hereunto set
his hand and seal the day and year first before written.


			SCHEDULE: PART I
			
	ALL THAT flat known or to be known as Number 11 on the first
floor of Langham Court Station Approach South Ruislip in the County
of Middlesex a the said flat is shown coloured pink on the Plan
annexed hereto TOGETHER WITH the first floow landing coloured yellow
and edged red on the said plan and adjoining the said flat which said
flat and landing shall be deemed to include the concrete floor forming
the first floor of the building but not the ceiling plaster affixed
to the underside of such floor and everything above the level of the 
underside of such floor and in particular so much of the roof of the 
building as is vertically above the said flat and landing and to include
also so much of any pipe gutter or other thing affixed ot the outside
of the said flat and landing as is above the said level.


			PART II: [RIGHTS INCLUDED IN DEMISE]
			
1. The right in common with the Lessor and the Lessees or occupiers
for the time being of the other Flats in the Building and all others
having the like right to use for purposes of access to and egress from
the Flat first the service road and paths coloured yellow on the said 
plan and second the entrance hall and saircase leading from the 
ground floor to the landing of the flat.

2. The right in common with all others for the time being having the
like right of passage and running of gas electricity water and soil
from and to the Flat through the pipes wires conduits and drains in 
under or upon the Building.

3. All such rights of support and protection as are enjoyed by the
Flat from the other flats adjoining the same at the date hereof.

4. The right to use in common with the Lessor and the lessees or
occupiers for th etime being of other flats in the building and their 
visitors the lawns and gardens coloured green on the Estate plan
subject to such reasonable rules and regualtions for the common enjoy-
ment thereof as the Lessor may from time to time prescribe.

5. The right (to be exercised save in a case of urgency only at 
reasonable times and upon being given reasonable notice) to enter upon
the premises adjoining the Flat and in particular upon the flat known
as No 9 for the purpose only of executing any necessary repairs and
alterations to the demised premises the LEssee causing as little 
damage disturbance and inconcenience as possible and making good all
damage occasioned tehreby but without making any compensation for any
temporary damage or inconvenience.


6. The benefit (in so far as the Lessor can grant the same) in common
with the LEssor and other persons entitled thereto of any covenant or
agreement entered into by a lessee of any other flat in the Building 
with the Lessor for the ovservance and performance of the regulations
specified in the Schedule hereto.

7. The right in common with all others for the time being having the
like right for placing and using a refuse bin in the refuse bin
enclosure forming part of the Ground Floor Flat No 9.


			PART III: EXCEPTIONS AND RESERVATIONS


1. The right for the Lessor and the lessees and occupiers of the
adjoining flats nos 9, 10, and 12 to pass and re-pass over and along
the said landing.

2. Such rights of support and protection to the flats adjoining the Flat as are now enjoyed from the Flat.

3. The free and uninterrupted passage and running of the water and soil
gas and electricity from and to the other flats in the Building
through the pipes wires conduits and drains in under or upon the Flat.

4. The right for the lesser and lessees and occupiers of the 
adjoining flats nos. 9, 10, and 12 to enter upon the Flat or any part 
thereof but only (save in case of urgency) at reasonable times and 
upon giving reasonable notice for any of the purposes and subject to 
the provisions mentioned in Clause 5 of Part II of this Schedule.

5. The right for the Lessor at any time hereafter to build or rebuild 
on any adjoining or neighbouring land other than the land coloured 
green and yellow on the Estate plan according to such plans (whether 
as to height extent or otherwise) and in such manner as the Lessor 
shall think fit notwithstanding any interference thereby occasioned 
to the access of light to the Flat.


		Part IV: Regulations

1. Nothing shall be done upon the Flat or any part thereof any act
or thing which shall or may be or become a nuisance damage annoyance
or inconvenience to the Lessor or to the lessee or occupier for the
time being of any adjoining or neighbouring flat or to the neighbour-
hood.

2. No person of unsound mind or of drunken or immoral habits shall 
be permitted to reside in the Flat.

3. No windows or lights belonging to the Flat or the Building of which
the Flat forms part shall be stopped up darkened or obstructed.

4. No music or singing wheather by insturments voices wireless 
gramophone television or other means shall be allowed in the Flat or
the Building between 11 p.m. and 7 a.m.

5. Nothing shall be deposited or left in the entrance hall stairways
or passages of the Building neither shall any carpet mat or rug be 
beaten or children allowed to play therein neither shall the same be
in any way obstructed.

6. No person shall reside in the Flat unless the floor thereof
(including the passages) are covered with linoleum carpet rugs or
other suitable materials except while the same shall be removed for
cleaning repariting or decorating the Flat or for some temporary
purpose (This Regulation however not to apply to a ground floor flat)

7. No flower pots or other things shall be placed outside the windows
of the Flat unless securely fastened to the window boxes provided to 
the satisfaction of the Lessor.

8. Not to use or permit or suffer to be used the land coloured green
on the plan otherwise than as a lawn or garden and not to do or permit
or suffer to be done thereon anything which would be a nuisance or
inconvenience or disturbance to any other person using the same.

9. No advertisement or notice of any description shall be placed on
the outside of any of the walls or doors of the Flat or the Building
except that the name of the Lessee (without any notice of the 
profession or business of the Lessee) may be painted or affixed
outside the entrance door of the Flat in such style as the Lessor shall
approve.

10. Not the leave or park any motor or other vehicle in the carriageway
adjoiining the read of the Building so as to cause annoyance or in-
convenience to the Lessor or any lessee or occupier of any flat in the
building.

11. Not to fix a wireless or television aerial to the exterior of the
said flat or building but shall be entitled to use such television
aerial as the Lessor may erect on the roof of the said building, the
position of such aerial to be at the absolute discretion of the
Lessor.





